2 player paddle game?  Pong
Space Invaders by?     Taito
Space themed shooter arcade game?	Asteroids
Text adventure with a Grue?      Zork
Wagons cross great plains, and can die from dysentery?	The Oregon Trail
Predecessor to Galaga? Galaxian
What game had a baby monkey?	   Donkey Kong Jr.
Foul mouthed cube jumping furball? Q-Bert
Jump through traffic, cross a river? Frogger
Eat dots and avoid ghosts?	Pacman
NES gold cart allowed saving?	The Legend of Zelda
So bad they drove truckloads of it to the dump?	E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial
Fastest video game character from 90s?	Sonic
Line up and drop block patterns?	Tetris
First first-person 3D shooter?	Wolfenstein 3D
Point & click in the Land of the Dead?	Grim Fandango
I'm Here To Kick Ass And Chew Bubblegum" Duke Nuke'em 3D
Hide in the shadows & shoot different arrows to solve puzzles	Thief: The Dark Project
Create and control virtual people in this game	The Sims
Sidearm carrying lady exploring ancient ruins 	Tomb Raider
Bonus level featuring cows?	Diablo II
First person game by Bungie Studios	Halo
Virtual pandemic that struck "World of Warcraft" in 2005?	Corrupted Blood
Go to Venice and stab people	Assassin's Creed 2
	
Major law violation in Smokey & the Bandit? smuggling beer
Michael Myers' middle name?  Audrey
Harrison Ford in Star Wars?  Hans Solo
Last name of everybody in the town of Rock Ridge?	Johnson
Monster that attacked Luke in the trash compactor?	A Dianoga.
What does Vi say that Frenchie's hair looks like?	An easter egg.
Sorry, Goose, but it's time to buzz the tower? Top Gun
I have a bad feeling about this?  Star Wars
Best Original Score in 1983?	E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial
1984 film, "I'll be back"?	The Terminator
Who directed 'The Shining'?	Stanley Kubrick
Star of 'Crocodile Dundee'?	Paul Hogan
What's the first rule of Fight Club?	You do not talk about Fight Club
To what does Forrest Gump compare life?	To a box of chocolates
Who plays the President in Mars Attacks?	Jack Nicholson
In a world of 1s and 0s…. are you a zero, or The One?	The Matrix
In what year was the first Shrek movie released?	2001
Captain Jack Sparrow?	Johnny Depp
Tom Hanks and his football, Wilson?	Cast Away
Three escaped convict brothers?	O Brother, Where Art Thou?
	
1971 hit 'Man in Black'?	Johnny Cash.
Check in anytime you like, but you can never leave?	Hotel California
Is this real life? Or is it just fantasy?	Bohemian Rhapsody
Goodbye Yellow Brick Road?	Elton John
This band released the Immigrant Song?	Led Zeppelin
The Godfather of Soul?	James Brown.
Take On Me?	A-ha.
Party like it’s nineteen ninety-nine?	Prince.
Belinda Carlisle was the lead singer of which girl band?	The Go-Go’s.
Girls Just Want to Have Fun”?	Cyndi Lauper.
The Power of Love, theme song to which 1985 movie?	Back to the Future.
Who is too sexy for their shirt?	Right said fred
Aqua had a best-selling song in 1997, what was it called?	Barbie Girl
What was the name of the Coolio hit from soundtrack to the film ‘Dangerous Minds’?	Gangsta’s Paradise
Natalie Imbruglia sang the hit of summer 98 with which single?	Torn
‘Losing My Religion’ was a huge hit for which band?	R.E.M.
What was the name of the debut single from Britney Spears?	Baby One More Time
What group sang the song 'Californication'?	RHCP
Who sang the song 'Toxic'?	Britney Spears
Green Day want to be woken when what ends?	September
What group sang the song 'Don't Cha'?	Pussycat Dolls
Whose milkshake brings all the boys to the yard?	Kelis

Radio Shack computer in the late 1970s.	Tandy TRS 80
World's first personal computer.	Kenbak-1
Recording media that you could fix with a pencil	Cassette Tape
Company introduced the first digital Camera?	Eastman Kodak / .01 megapixels
1970's technology saw widespread usage in calculators?	LED
Game console released in October 1977?	Atari 2600
Best selling computer released in 1982?	Commodore 64
Founder of Commodore?	Jack Tramiel
Computer introduced in 1981, soon to be followed by clones	IBM 5150
First AI television host in 1984?	Max Headroom
Recording media read by lasers introduced in 1982?	Compact Disc
Iconic 80s toy used colored pegs and a backlit screen?	Lite-Brite
Bestselling game console of the 1990s?	Sony Playstation
"Tamagotchi" is a combination of two Japanese words?	"Egg" and "friend"
Format for digital audio became widespread in the 1990s?	MP3
This boxer introduced his own line of "Grill" in 1994?	George Foreman
Name of the first Internet Browser, released in 1990?	WorldWideWeb
Open Source Operating System, which emulated UNIX, was released in 1991?	Linux
Colorful line of home computers looked like Jelly?	iMac G3s
Year was the iPod mini released?	2004
Recording media, that you can attach to your keychain?	USB Flash Drives
DVD killer introduced by Sony in 2006?	Blu-Ray
Allows users to read books downloaded from the internet?	Kindle

Who is the leader of the evil faction of A.I.?	Miss DOS
Who did Clicky go on a date with?	Amy
Where is Pokey from?	Gamma Epsilon Coagy
What supply is the LO8BC constantly running out of?	Chunky 8-Bit Salsa
Who is the leader of the LO8BC?	Victoria
Which character is a hardware expert and Mad Scientist?	Eagull
Which C64 device smokes meat, and was featured on Hackaday?	The Smokerdore 64
What software makes use of the 8 channel relay board connected to the C64 user port?	Relay Tracker
What computers were used in CityXen Christmas Special 2019?	C64, C128, and Amiga 500
What is the character that is always after Billy & TIm?	Scratches Poker
What file did Billy try to download from a BBS?	Headbusters
What is the name of Clicky's 2nd level retronic energy?	SID Sonic
In Domo Arigato, what Kaiju character did the LO8BC have to fight?	Kaiju PC Junior
Who played the role of The Butler in "Murder, She Processed"?	F1D0
What is the name of the magazine that Billy &Tim were typing a program from?	Xecute!
What was the name of Clicky's therapist?	Eliza
What is the name of Amy's 2nd level retronic energy?	Amazing Amy
Which DOS Clone tried to examine Amy's fat agnus?	Ursula
Which character carries a media staff and oil lamp?	Helmet Guy
Which character from the future tells the story of CityXen?	Scampy
What is Trish's favorite Soap Opera?	As The Disk Turns
